README.md, before:

# **0xUnd3adBeef**

*Offensive security enthusiast — Red teaming, pentesting, and some development*

---

## About

I’m a 16 year old security student focused on **penetration testing**, **Active Directory exploitation** and **Web Exploitation**.
My work tends to focus on hands on lab practice and experiments.

Currently expanding my skill set through lab environments, capture-the-flag challenges, and real-world simulation exercises.

---

## Selected Projects

### **AdPeek** (A poor man's AD enumeration tool)

AdPeek is a small Python tool for extracting useful information from Active Directory over LDAP. It focuses on fast enumeration and identifying misconfigured ACL paths without requiring a database or GUI (Poor man's bloodhound-ce).
[Repo →](https://github.com/0xUnd3adBeef/AdPeek)
### **Generic Drone Hacking**

Reverse engineering a consumer drone: protocol sniffing, android/iOS app reverse-engineering (soon, still trying to figure out how).
[Repo →](https://github.com/0xUnd3adBeef/generic-drone-hacking)

### **Security Notes**

Structured notes from CPTS/eJPT prep and lab work, optimized for Obsidian.
[Repo →](https://github.com/0xUnd3adBeef/SecurityNotes)

---

## Training & Achievements

* **Hack The Box Academy**

  * Top 1% user ranking | 360+ targets compromised
  * Completed 40+ modules covering:

    * Windows & Linux privilege escalation
    * Active Directory attacks, pivoting, tunneling
    * Web exploitation (SQLi, command injection, XSS)
    * Metasploit, fuzzing, and a lot of stuff

* **Certifications**

  * eJPT (INE)
  * Google Cybersecurity Certificate
  * HTB CPTS
  * HTB CWES

* **Labs**

  * Completed Dante Pro Lab
  * Completed Synacktiv fortress
  * Trying to be active in HTB Labs 

---

## Technical Stack

**Languages & Scripting**

* Python & Bash
* Learning C for exploit dev and low-level tooling
* Learning ASM for reverse engineering


**Environments**

* Kali, Parrot, Windows 10

---

If you need to reach out to me for anything (anything really) you can do it on discord : @mohacharr

> Ty for reading, it means a lot <3

Commit message:

Revise Security Notes to include Pychecksec
Updated security notes section to include Pychecksec tool information.

README.md, after:

# **0xUnd3adBeef**

*Offensive security enthusiast — Red teaming, pentesting, and some development*

---

## About

I’m a 16 year old security student focused on **penetration testing**, **Active Directory exploitation** and **Web Exploitation**.
My work tends to focus on hands on lab practice and experiments.

Currently expanding my skill set through lab environments, capture-the-flag challenges, and real-world simulation exercises.

---

## Selected Projects

### **AdPeek** (A poor man's AD enumeration tool)

AdPeek is a small Python tool for extracting useful information from Active Directory over LDAP. It focuses on fast enumeration and identifying misconfigured ACL paths without requiring a database or GUI (Poor man's bloodhound-ce).
[Repo →](https://github.com/0xUnd3adBeef/AdPeek)
### **Generic Drone Hacking**

Reverse engineering a consumer drone: protocol sniffing, android/iOS app reverse-engineering (soon, still trying to figure out how).
[Repo →](https://github.com/0xUnd3adBeef/generic-drone-hacking)

### Pychecksec

Small tool to check for library / import vulnerabilities such as shadowing that could lead to privilege escalation in python .
[Repo →](https://github.com/hackersonsteroids/pychecksec)

---

## Training & Achievements

* **Hack The Box Academy**

  * Top 1% user ranking | 360+ targets compromised
  * Completed 40+ modules covering:

    * Windows & Linux privilege escalation
    * Active Directory attacks, pivoting, tunneling
    * Web exploitation (SQLi, command injection, XSS)
    * Metasploit, fuzzing, and a lot of stuff

* **Certifications**

  * eJPT (INE)
  * Google Cybersecurity Certificate
  * HTB CPTS
  * HTB CWES

* **Labs**

  * Completed Dante Pro Lab
  * Completed Synacktiv fortress
  * Trying to be active in HTB Labs 

---

## Technical Stack

**Languages & Scripting**

* Python & Bash
* Learning C for exploit dev and low-level tooling
* Learning ASM for reverse engineering


**Environments**

* Kali, Parrot, Windows 10

---

If you need to reach out to me for anything (anything really) you can do it on discord : @mohacharr

> Ty for reading, it means a lot <3
